---
layout: blog
title: Flot 0.8 is live!
author: dnschnur
---

We're excited to announce the release of Flot 0.8!  Two years in the making, it
includes more than a hundred new features and bug fixes from more than fifty
contributors.  [Download](http://www.flotcharts.org/downloads/flot-0.8.0.zip)
the new version and enjoy!

### What's New in 0.8? ###

**Time series improvements:** Support for time series has been moved into a
plugin, jquery.flot.time.js, and a new axis option "timezone" controls the
time zone in which dates are displayed.

**Canvas text**: A new plugin, jquery.flot.canvas.js, renders axis tick labels
directly to the canvas, rather than using HTML elements, making it much easier
to save entire plots as images.

**Plotting categories**: The new categories plugin makes it easy to plot data
that is grouped into text categories rather than numeric axis values.

**Plotting error bars**: The new error bars plugin can be used to show standard
deviation and other useful statistical properties.

**Support for high-resolution displays**: Flot now looks even crisper on the
high-density displays found in many new phones, tablets, and laptops.

**Lots of bug fixes**: We've fixed over a hundred bugs, resolving long-standing
issues with the pie plugin and cross-browser compatibility, among many others.

**Many other enhancements**: We've added everything from improved control over
the grid's appearance to legend sorting to thresholding improvements.

See the [NEWS file](https://github.com/flot/flot/blob/0.8.0/NEWS.md) for a
complete listing of changes made and bugs fixed.

### Acknowledgments ###

Flot 0.8 has received more community contributions than any previous version.
We'd like to give special thanks to the [YCharts](http://ycharts.com) team for
sponsoring the canvas text project, and to aaa707, Adam Mckaig, alanayoub,
Alexander Blunck, Alexander O. Anisimov, Anthony Ryan, Ara Anjargolian, Arnaud
Bellec, Arpan, Bevan, Brian Peiris, chage, Christopher Lambert, Clemens Stolle,
dalton, Daniel Shapiro, Eddie Kay, Eric Wendelin, gcruxifix, hizhengfu, Hongli
Lai, Ivan Novikov, James Ward, Jamie Hamel-Smith, Julien Thomas, Jürgen Marsch,
kaarlenkaski, Karl Swedberg, Knut Forkalsrud, Lasse Dahl Ebert, Lau Bech
Lauritzen, maimairel, martinqt, Michael Mayer, Nate Abele, Nick Campbell,
Olivier Guerriat, Ralph Holzmann, risicle, Rui Pereira, Ruth Linehan, Sean
Jordan, Sergiy Borodych, Simon Strandgaard, Shad Downey, Shane Reustle, Steve
Robinson, thecountofzero, Tom Cleaveland, Yael Elmatad, and the many others who
reported bugs, suggested features, and answered questions on the forums!
